Update Entra permissions (#8254)
fishtown-analytics/docs.getdbt.com: website/docs/docs/cloud/manage-access/set-up-sso-microsoft-entra-id.md

14. Select your application and then select **API permissions**.
15. Click **+Add a permission** and add the permissions shown below.

| API Name | Type | Permission | Required? |
| --- | --- | --- | --- |
| Microsoft Graph | Delegated | `User.Read` | Yes |
| Microsoft Graph | Delegated | `Directory.AccessAsUser.All` | Optional — may be required if users are assigned to > 100 groups |

> The default scope only requires `User.ReadBasic.All`. If you assign a user to more than 100 groups, you may need to grant additional permissions such as `Directory.AccessAsUser.All`.  

Reviewer: I don't see `User.ReadBasic.All` in the image that follows or the table that precedes this note. Is this something that all users are assigned? Also, when you say "default scope" does that mean "default Entra user ID" scope or something else?

> The default scope only requires `User.ReadBasic.All`. If you assign a user to more than 100 groups, you may need to grant additional permissions such as `Directory.AccessAsUser.All`.  

Author: ```suggestion
The default scope only requires `User.Read`. If you assign a user to more than 100 groups, you may need to grant additional permissions such as `Directory.AccessAsUser.All`.  
```

> The default scope only requires `User.ReadBasic.All`. If a user is assigned to more than 100 groups, you may need to grant additional permissions such as `Directory.AccessAsUser.All`.  

Author: ```suggestion
The default scope only requires `User.ReadBasic.All`. If you assign a user to more than 100 groups, you may need to grant additional permissions such as `Directory.AccessAsUser.All`.  
```
